Hey it's Andre here.
Just a quick question.
Why do you think we keep breaking things down into components.
I mean in the previous videos we created this card list component that renders this div with something
inside it some children inside it.
And then we broke that down even further to have cards that are being rendered and you might be asking
yourself why exactly is that necessary.
Why can't we just put everything in naptime.
Yes and have just one big well J.S. sex isn't that simpler than dividing everything into all these small
components and so many files.
Isn't that confusing before I answer that question.
I do have a question for you and a little exercise.
When do we break things down into components.
Pause the video here and think about what the benefits are of breaking things down into smaller and
smaller components instead of one big giant one ready for the answer.
Remember this when I told you that to be a great react developer you have to do these three things really
well.
This touches on the first point which is deciding on components and if you remember our example where
we had this little Web site that we broke down into different components remember here and here and
here you can see over here that each part is a component.
Now the reason we would let's say if we had an app like this we wouldn't want to code it all into one
file is that the benefit of React is in the idea of this component architecture that can be placed and
used in multiple locations.
So that means that when we do something like this.
Sure we could have kept all the cards in here without creating a new card component but now this is
more flexible because this card list can now be passed different properties.
For example instead of the monsters maybe we have fairy tale characters in this card list component
can be used on a different project or a different part of the app because it no longer cares what it
prints out.
I mean sure it can print out this card component but maybe we have a fairy tale card component now that
we can just inject into here instead of this card one.
And by breaking things down we're making things more flexible because each component does one thing
and one thing really really well.
So that it can be used in other places the bigger a file gets the more J.S. sex we have the more logic
we have the harder it gets to be used in another place.
And this idea of breaking things down into small individual chunks is really really important.
And most good react projects break things down into a pretty small component file that the name pretty
much tells it exactly what it does.
Just one small thing and the other benefit that we will also encounter later on is that we also have
this flexibility of performance improvements potentially as well as having components that are really
easy to test because they're so simple.
Now those are topics that will uncover later on.
But the key here is that the reason we break things down into smaller and smaller components is that
we combine each component with its concern and that concern is that this component is only concerned
about card list.
This component is only concerned about cards.
Now this is an idea that we're going to explore throughout our course.
So if you don't get it 100 percent don't worry we still have lots to cover.
So let's keep going.